<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?>
<!DOCTYPE concept PUBLIC "-//OASIS//DTD DITA Concept//EN" "concept.dtd">
<concept id="brief_notions_of_curriculum_analysis">
    <title>Brief notions of curriculum analysis</title>
    <shortdesc>Tips for analysts.</shortdesc>
    <conbody>
        <p><b>Relevance:</b>The analyst should assess the relevance of the information and look for
            more with the candidate himself</p>
        <p> </p>
        <p><b>Professional experience:</b>Check previous positions, regarding experiences in the
            positions held.</p>
        <p> </p>
        <p><b>Skills and Qualifications:</b>Review skills and qualifications such as technical
            knowledge, certifications, and level of fluency in languages.</p>
        <p> </p>
        <p><b>Coherence and consistency:</b>You should consider coherence and consistency of the
            information presented in the resume, including dates of employment, positions held,
            company names and contact information.</p>
        <p> </p>
        <p><b>Layout and formatting:</b>Care should be taken with the layout and formatting of the
            resume. Check the organization of sections, clarity of presentation, and overall
            appearance.</p>
        <p> </p>
        <p><b>Personal presentation:</b>Personal presentation: The analyst can also evaluate the
            candidate's personal presentation, such as their photo, contact information and social
            media profile. It is important that candidates present a professional and consistent
            image in all aspects of their application.</p>
    </conbody>
</concept>
